docs: Update gov README with dynamic quorum info (#146)
atomone-hub/atomone: x/gov/README.md

#### No inheritance

> If a delegator does not vote, his validators will not inherit his vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a delegator does not vote, the vote of the delegated validator - if applicable - will not be inherited.
```

Reviewer: there's a mistake here, the delegator inherits the validator vote not the other way around

instead of the default ones for regular proposals. More specifically, the following parameters
are added to enable this behavior:

- ~`constitution_amendment_quorum` which defines the quorum for constitution

>   amendment proposals~

Reviewer 2: Let's remove them completely instead no?

Reviewer: agreed

Reviewer 2: @giuliostramondo There is still one orphan line at line 709.

Author: Yup, sorry, good catch
